CertVerifier Deployer (#1302)
Layr-Labs/eigenda: contracts/script/deploy/certverifier/README.md

## EigenDA Cert Verfier Deployer

> This script can be used to deploy an EigenDACertVerifier contract with specified security thresholds and quorum numbers required

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
This script can be used to deploy an EigenDACertVerifier contract with custom security thresholds and quorum numbers
```

> 

Reviewer: let's specify that deployments can only be done on an Ethereum network and this isn't supported for L3 rollups

### Config

To set up the deployment, a config json should be placed in the `config/` folder with the following structure:

```json
{
    "eigenDAServiceManager": "0x...",
    "eigenDAThresholdRegistry": "0x...",
    "eigenDARelayRegistry": "0x...",
    "registryCoordinator": "0x...",
    "operatorStateRetriever": "0x...",

    "defaultSecurityThresholds": {
        "0_confirmationThreshold": 55,
        "1_adversaryThreshold": 33
    },

>     "quorumNumbersRequired": "0x0001"

Reviewer: if I'm a customer and I wanna leverage custom quourm/threshold, do I just update these fields here?

Author: yup would just need to update `quorumNumbersRequired `

}
```

Two sample configs are provided in the `config/` folder for preprod and testnet environments.

### Deployment

To deploy the contract, run the following command passing in the path to the config file and appropriate keys

```bash
forge script script/deploy/certverifier/CertVerifierDeployer.s.sol:CertVerifierDeployer --sig "run(string)" <config.json> --rpc-url $RPC --private-key $PRIVATE_KEY -vvvv --etherscan-api-key $ETHERSCAN_API_KEY --verify --broadcast
```

The deployment will output the address of the deployed contract to a json file in the `output/` folder named `certverifier_deployment_data.json`

```json
{
    "eigenDACertVerifier": "0x..."
}

> ```

Reviewer: nit: is there any utility in capturing deployment inputs here?

Author: if you think its useful I can add it

Reviewer: nah can just let it be
